README.md, before:

# Hebrew Court Verdicts Analyzer

# Development

## Installation

### Clone project
```shell
$ git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/Immanuelbh/HebrewCourtVerdictsAnalyzer.git
$ cd HebrewCourtVerdictsAnalyzer/
```

### Install required modules

#### MacOS
```shell
$ python3 -m venv venv
$ source venv/bin/activate
(venv) $ pip3 install -r requirements/requirements.txt
```

#### Windows
```shell
$ python3 -m venv venv
$ venv\Scripts\activate.bat
(venv) $ pip3 install -r requirements/requirements.txt
```

### Pylint
```shell
$ pylint hcva
```

### ELK stack

#### Version
Configured by changing the branch in the .gitmodules file.
```shell
branch = release-5.x
```
Update to different version
```
$ git submodule update --remote
```

#### Commands

##### Initialise
```shell
$ cd env/
$ ./init_env.sh
```

##### Shutdown
```shell
$ cd env/
$ ./shutdown_env.sh
```

### App

#### Commands

##### Run
```shell
$ ./init_app.sh
```

##### Shutdown
```shell
$ ./shutdown_app.sh
```


# Thank you
This project is part of the two-semester project for the [HIT Project Center](http://www.hitprojectscenter.com/), led by [Dr Yonathan Schler](https://www.hit.ac.il/faculty_staff/%D7%99%D7%94%D7%95%D7%A0%D7%AA%D7%9F_%D7%A9%D7%9C%D7%A8).

Based on: [AccessibleCourtData](https://github.com/liron7722/AccessibleCourtData) by [Liron Revah](https://github.com/liron7722) & [Baruh Shalumov](https://github.com/bstyle4ever).

Commit message:

add instructions (#37)
* init branch

* update README.md

* add kibana commands

* update README.md

README.md, after:

# Hebrew Court Verdicts Analyzer

# Development

## Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## Installation
Overall flow:
- Clone project
- Install modules
- Initialize environment
- Run app

### Clone project
```shell
$ git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/Immanuelbh/HebrewCourtVerdictsAnalyzer.git
$ cd HebrewCourtVerdictsAnalyzer/
```

### Install required modules

#### MacOS
```shell
$ python3 -m venv venv
$ source venv/bin/activate
(venv) $ pip3 install -r requirements/requirements.txt
```

#### Windows
```shell
$ python3 -m venv venv
$ venv\Scripts\activate.bat
(venv) $ pip3 install -r requirements/requirements.txt
```

### ELK stack

#### Version
**Default** version is 7.x - there is no need to change the version unless you know what you are doing.

Configured by changing the branch in the .gitmodules file.
```shell
branch = release-5.x
```
Update to different version
```shell
$ git submodule update --remote
```

#### Commands

##### Initialise
```shell
$ cd env/
$ ./init_env.sh
```

##### Shutdown
```shell
$ cd env/
$ ./shutdown_env.sh
```

### App

#### Commands

##### Run
```shell
$ ./init_app.sh
```

##### Shutdown
```shell
$ ./shutdown_app.sh
```

### Pylint
```shell
$ pylint hcva
```

### Interaction

To use the stack, you can use the [Elasticsearch API](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/rest-apis.html) (port 9200) or the DevTools in Kibana.

#### Kibana

- The first time you log in to Kibana you will have to enter an index pattern. This is used by Kibana to determine which indices the search will be run against.
- More information on using Kibana can be found in the **[resources](/resources)** directory


# Thank you
This project is part of the two-semester project for the [HIT Project Center](http://www.hitprojectscenter.com/), led by [Dr Yonathan Schler](https://www.hit.ac.il/faculty_staff/%D7%99%D7%94%D7%95%D7%A0%D7%AA%D7%9F_%D7%A9%D7%9C%D7%A8).

Based on: [AccessibleCourtData](https://github.com/liron7722/AccessibleCourtData) by [Liron Revah](https://github.com/liron7722) & [Baruh Shalumov](https://github.com/bstyle4ever).
